titan-configuration: remove the unrecommended steps of updating TiKV configuration (#21217)
pingcap/docs: storage-engine/titan-configuration.md

> To disable Titan for all existing and future data, you can follow these steps. Note that you can skip Step 2 because it greatly impacts online traffic performance. In fact even without Step 2, the data compaction consumes extra I/O and CPU resources when it moves data from Titan to RocksDB, and performance will degrade (sometimes as much as 50%) when TiKV I/O or CPU resources are limited.

Author: ```suggestion
To disable Titan for all existing and future data, you can take the following steps. Note that you can skip Step 2 because it greatly affects online traffic performance. In fact even without Step 2, the data compaction consumes extra I/O and CPU resources when it moves data from Titan to RocksDB, and performance will degrade (sometimes as much as 50%) when TiKV I/O or CPU resources are limited.
```

> **Warning:**
>

> > When disabling Titan for TiDB versions earlier than v8.5.0, it is not recommended to update the TiKV configuration item [`rocksdb.titan.enabled`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#enabled) to `false` to avoid TiKV crashes. Following Step 1 is sufficient to disable Titan.

Author: ```suggestion
> When disabling Titan for TiDB versions earlier than v8.5.0, it is not recommended to update the TiKV configuration item [`rocksdb.titan.enabled`](/tikv-configuration-file.md#enabled) to `false`, as doing so might cause TiKV to crash. Following Step 1 is sufficient to disable Titan.
```
